ONE - SIZE-FITS-ALL POLICY MAY NOT WORK FOE HYBRID MODE
What started out as a temporary arrangement during the pendemic has turned out to be the reality for months together .
there are hardely any companies that can claim that all their employess heve returned to office .
Companies like Apple and google that tried to get their employees to come to offices last year - for at last 3-4 days in a week - had to back down after their workforce protestes againt such mandates
againt This year , the same companies have tried to reinforce in office with employee performance . but employees are in no mood to get back to office and are in many cases willing to quit over getting back to office
The same scenario is playing out in india . many work places have tried to incorporate some element of hybrid arrangement to retain their employees ,
So what is the final word on hybried work? is there a way that it can co-exist with office spaces? how do we ho about definition tha norms?
Companies will have to fiend their own sweet spot . there is no one readily available solution.
Apart from roles that need people to be in office - all other roles can be provided various option of hybrid work compinies may fiend it ,
best to ley team leaders decide what works for them with in puts from team members.
so me others may like to renegotiate individual employees agreements to come to an understanding on how much hybrids work is good for a particular role.
Policies for new hires may vary since thay need to learn the ropes and inculcate the work culture, which will need them to in a physical sppace.
Companies will have to go through this process to arrive at what works for them .
Once a model is built and implemented , it should be reviewed like any other process to measure the impact.
TECHNOLOGY ASPECT: Hbrid work involve some amount of the office being carried into home this aspect needs to be scrutinised and technology aspects will have to be in place to enable ,
In many cases , not being present in office may lead to employees feeling left out.
these may be caused by biases that are people du\riven that can also affect employee appraisals and feedback .
However, it is improtant to ensure that the technoligy requred to be in lace to enable hybrid workers also to contribute as much as an onsite .
Employee, is installed and not lacking . this may need collaboration software to be installed too.
OFFICE SPACE: dESK SHARING ARRANGEMENTS CAN BECOME THE NORM FOR companies that allow hybrid work .
This will mean that the office space required will be lesser leading to decrease in costs of owning or renting an office . 
These small spaces can now be redesigned so they are more team based this will allow for teams to work together more meaningfully.
THE BASICS DON'T CHANGE:The idea of hybried work is going to be different for each company and each employee too.
Ahybrid work plan that caters to every employee will be difficult to formulate .
Employers need to keep the basics of employee management to deyermine how to work around this particular issue 
Employee well being and involvement are key to ansuring good performance and that shiuld always be the guiding force for HR
cOMPANIES NEED TO LOOK AT HYBRIED WORK AS AN OPPORTUNITY TO REINVENT THE EMPLOYER EMPLOYEE RELATIONSHIP.
